Update CONTRIBUTING.md with thanks stickers (#213)
Combodo/iTop: CONTRIBUTING.md

    * ⬆️ `:arrow_up:` when upgrading dependencies
    * ⬇️ `:arrow_down:` when downgrading dependencies
    * ♻️ `:recycle:` code refactoring
    * 💄 `:lipstick:` Updating the UI and style files.  

>   

Reviewer: Can you revert this unrelated change ?

* create a pull request.

Detailed procedure to work on fork and create PR is available [in GitHub help pages](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/).

> ### 🙏 We are thankful

Reviewer: I'm not very found of this title

Maybe simply : 

```suggestion
### 🙏 Many thanks to our great contributors !!
```

Author: I'm not fond of the multiple "!", it's too much for me 😅
Also we already say "... thankful for all the contributions ..." in the following line so it feels redundant to me.

> We are thankful for all your contributions to the iTop universe, here are the 2021 stickers that will be sent to every iTop (& extensions) contributors this year. Design might change from one year to another, for the first year we wanted to try a "craft beer label" look.

Reviewer: My suggestion : 

```suggestion
We are thankful for all your contributions to the iTop universe ! As a thank you gift, we will send nice stickers to every iTop (& extensions) contributors ! 

Stickers' design might change from one year to another. For the first year we wanted to try a "craft beer label" look, see examples below : 
```

Reviewer 2: "we will send nice stickers to every.." 😉

Reviewer: I've changed the suggestion, thanks !

Author: This sounds ok to me if:
- We remove the space before the 2 "!" and the ":"
- Replace "send nice stickers" by "send stickers" as the "nice" feels a bit pretentious to 😁

Reviewer: Hello,

Here is the amended modification : 

```suggestion
We are thankful for all your contributions to the iTop universe! As a thank you gift, we will send stickers to every iTop (& extensions) contributors! 

Stickers' design might change from one year to another. For the first year we wanted to try a "craft beer label" look, see examples below: 
```
